Update viewing_and_understanding_segment_data.md (#5483)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/reporting/viewing_and_understanding_segment_data.md

## Messaging use and historical membership

> If you scroll down the page, you will see segment data on Messaging Use and Historical Membership. Under the **Messaging Use** section, see which campaigns have targeted this segment. Under **Historical Membership**, you see how the size of this segment changed over time. Use the dropdown to filter segment membership by date range. The way Braze calculates historical segment membership is by taking an estimate (similar to how Segment size is an estimate before you click “calculate exact statistics”). Braze gets the estimated count by querying for users in a random bucket range. This means that one day the historical segment size could be based on users with a random bucket number of 111 - 120, and on another day it could be users from 8,452 - 8,455. Therefore, it is possible that there may be less users in the segment that land within the randomly selected bucket ranges and hence why the Graph might show slight fluctuations each date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you scroll down the page, you will see segment data on Messaging Use and Historical Membership. Under the **Messaging Use** section, see which campaigns have targeted this segment. Under **Historical Membership**, you see how the size of this segment changed over time. Use the dropdown to filter segment membership by date range. Braze calculates historical segment membership by taking an estimate (similar to how Segment size is an estimate before you click “calculate exact statistics”). Braze gets the estimated count by querying for users in a random bucket range. This means that on one day, the historical segment size could be based on users with a random bucket number of 111 - 120, and on another day, it could be users from 8,452 - 8,455. Therefore, it is possible that there may be fewer users in the segment that land within the randomly selected bucket ranges and hence why the graph might show slight fluctuations on each date.
```
